Auto update mods on startup (#141)
Jomik/screeps-server: wiki/Updating.md

You can run `docker compose pull` without the `screeps` specifier to pull all new images for the compose file.

### Update mods and bots

> Mods and bots can be updated by running `npm run update` and restarting the server. This will go over the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mods and bots can be updated by running `docker compose exec screeps start --update` and restarting the server. This will go over the
```

The suggested installation for this server doesn't include you cloning the repo. If you see the way I use it [here](https://github.com/Jomik/screeps-ai/blob/main/docker-compose.yml), it is purely the config.yml and docker-compose.yml

Simply because it does not need npm and shouldn't interfere with your bot setup 😄
